**WHY?**

In connection with the use of free resources for the project, there were restrictions on the amount of data, , which complicates the process of data processing and uploading:

free Big Query 
 - - - restriction:  
files up to 100Mb

Tableau public 
 - - - restriction:
files up to 1 GB

Data available in the project: 12 files - initial size (50MB -180MB).

So a decision was made to reduce the amount of data by creating a representative sample based on the base - months (sample_size = 100000). Which led to the productive use of Tableau public, which appeared in the basic requirements of the project.

**HOW?**

**Data Sampling**

Overview
In data analysis and machine learning tasks, working with large datasets can be computationally expensive and
time-consuming. Data sampling techniques allow us to extract a subset of data from the larger dataset while
maintaining its statistical properties. 

This project focuses on Stratified Sampling data for data to create representative samples from a larger
dataset. The samples can be used for various purposes such as statistical analysis, model training, or exploratory
data analysis.

**About data used** you can read more detailed information [here](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/antonukolga/cyclistic-bike-share-data-12-months)

**File and Folder Descriptions**

[main.py](main.py): This file serves as the entry point to the data sampling project. It contains the main code to execute the
sampling technique and perform statistical tests.

[sampling.py](sampling.py): This file contains functions and methods related to data sampling. It includes implementations of simple
stratified sampling.

[statistical_tests.py](statistical_tests.py): This file contains functions for conducting statistical tests on the samples. It includes
implementations of Kolmogorov-Smirnov test and chi-square test  and comparison of main datasets statistics.

[HTML_report.py](HTML_report.py): This file provides functionality to generate an HTML report summarising the sampling results and
statistical test outcomes and plots of datas distributions.

[log.txt](output/log.txt): This file is used to log any important events or errors that occur during the execution of the project.

[output/](output) folder: This folder is used to store the output files generated by the project, such as the HTML report, plots,
log.txt

[data/](data) folder: This folder contains the dataset(s) used for the data sampling project. It may include one or more data
files in csv format.

